hey it's andreea fetch co and welcome to
a special Christmas hot mess because the
holidays are sexy and very scandalous
Jessica Simpson's newest attempt at a
singing career has failed first half of
any country and now the foolproof happy
Christmas album fail maybe because it's
Merry Christmas not happy Christmas just
three but seriously just watching you
struggle with words like platypus and
farting on camera was way more
entertaining and oddly sexy than
listening to sing so have a happy
Christmas and get to work on newlyweds
to point Oh Bob Louise the lunch you
want in I don't eat buffalo every
Christmas there's a hot toy not this
year this year we have elf on the shelf
reaching the number one spot on the best
sellers list again which means a beat
out Bieber oh that's to me at first i
was like WTF why buy a creepy he/she elf
to stare your children and tell Santa
whether they're good or bad until I
realized whom there is method to this
madness if someone's been eating too
much elf on the shelf if someone's been
hitting up too much eggnog blame it on
the elf the thing is definitely wasted
if someone's taking too long in the
shower up on the shelf oh wait it's
probably taking too long because that's
gross
it's Christmas of course the hottest
message and according to the Hoosier AG
today great publication Santa's having a
harder year than usual restricted
airspace embarrassing TSA personnel and
nutritional zealots say cookies are bad
so what does the Hat suggest we do vote
up on fat and pies cakes and cheese for
Santa so that he clauses arteries so
much has a heart attack before he can
get out of the chimney leaving you all
the presents no they didn't actually say
that but nothing I think about it maybe
that's not such a bad idea feel I mr. ha
messo want to nominate one of your own
comment below or on my facebook or
twitter ho ho ho Merry Christmas see you
next week and don't forget to subscribe